creates a structure for Buildpacks order page (#744)
buildpacks/docs: content/docs/for-buildpack-authors/how-to/distribute-buildpacks/craft-order.md

weight=99
+++

Buildpack order is

<!--more-->

## Composite Buildpacks

> A **composite buildpack** is a buildpack that doesn't contain any `/bin/detect` or `/bin/build` executables; instead it references other buildpacks in its `buildpack.toml` via the [[order]] array. Composite buildpacks MUST be [resolvable](https://github.com/buildpacks/spec/blob/main/buildpack.md#order-resolution) into a collection of component buildpacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **composite buildpack** is a buildpack that doesn't contain any `/bin/detect` or `/bin/build` executables; instead it references other buildpacks in its `buildpack.toml` via the `[[order]]` array. Composite buildpacks MUST be [resolvable](https://github.com/buildpacks/spec/blob/main/buildpack.md#order-resolution) into a collection of component buildpacks.
```

> ## Why to use composite buildpacks

Reviewer: Do we want to use Title Case?

```suggestion
## Why Use Composite Buildpacks
```

Author: updated

Reviewer 2: I'd actually argue not to use title case, as I find that it's difficult to be consistent. But, as long as we're consistent within a particular page, that should be okay.

weight=99
+++

> Buildpack order is

Reviewer 2: Probably all of this terminology from the spec could land somewhere on this page:

A buildpack is a directory containing a buildpack.toml. Buildpacks analyze application source code and determine the best way to build it.

A buildpack group, or group, is a list of one or more buildpacks that are designed to work together - for example, a buildpack that provides node and a buildpack that provides npm.

An order is a list of one or more groups to be tested against application source code, so that the appropriate group for a build can be determined.

A component buildpack is a buildpack containing /bin/detect and /bin/build executables. Component buildpacks implement the [Buildpack Interface](https://github.com/buildpacks/spec/blob/main/buildpack.md#buildpack-interface).

A composite buildpack is a buildpack containing an order definition in buildpack.toml. Composite buildpacks do not contain /bin/detect or /bin/build executables. They MUST be [resolvable](https://github.com/buildpacks/spec/blob/main/buildpack.md#order-resolution) into a collection of component buildpacks.

Author: Not sure why we need to repeat these on this page?

Reviewer 2: Ah whoops, I think I got confused because I was also looking at https://github.com/buildpacks/docs/pull/739/files#diff-aa2ff8a5bc08f09ceee1f0259cb3dff812cbe771ac48c64366ded6ae5754948d

We should at least define group and order:

A buildpack group, or group, is a list of one or more buildpacks that are designed to work together - for example, a buildpack that provides node and a buildpack that provides npm.

An order is a list of one or more groups to be tested against application source code, so that the appropriate group for a build can be determined.

Author: added

<!--more-->

## Composite Buildpacks

> A **composite buildpack** is a buildpack that doesn't contain any `/bin/detect` or `/bin/build` executables; instead it references other buildpacks in its `buildpack.toml` via the `[[order]]` array. Composite buildpacks MUST be [resolvable](https://github.com/buildpacks/spec/blob/main/buildpack.md#order-resolution) into a collection of component buildpacks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A **composite buildpack** is a buildpack that doesn't contain any `/bin/detect` or `/bin/build` executables; instead it references other buildpacks in its `buildpack.toml` via the `[[order]]` array. Composite buildpacks MUST be [resolvable](https://github.com/buildpacks/spec/blob/main/buildpack.md#order-resolution) into a collection of component buildpacks. That is, after the [detect phase](<link>) of the lifecycle has completed, a single group of component buildpacks will have opted in to the build.
```

## Why use Composite Buildpacks

Most advanced buildpacks aren’t actually a single buildpack, but instead a composite or an ordered list of component buildpacks with each buildpack performing specific jobs. This is useful for composing more complex detection strategies.

> >For more details on composite buildpacks, buildpack groups, and order resolution, check [What is a buildpack group?](https://buildpacks.io/docs/for-buildpack-authors/concepts/buildpack-group/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>For more details on composite buildpacks, buildpack groups, and order resolution, see the [concept page](https://buildpacks.io/docs/for-buildpack-authors/concepts/buildpack-group/) for buildpack groups.
```

Author: updated
